#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.4.0
    # via drf-oidc-auth
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via django-storages
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via django-helusers
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==4.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-parler
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   graphene-django
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-anymail==12.0
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-auditlog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cleanup==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-jwt==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-ilmoitin==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mailer==2.3.2
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
django-storages[azure]==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via python-jose
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==33.1.0
    # via factory-boy
graphene==3.4.3
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene-django
graphene-django==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
graphene-file-upload==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
hashids==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via django-ilmoitin
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==24.2
    # via deprecation
pillow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
promise==2.3
    # via graphene-django
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   django-auditlog
    #   faker
    #   graphene
python-jose==3.4.0
    # via django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via drf-spectacular
qrcode==8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==2.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   ecdsa
    #   graphene-file-upload
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   faker
    #   graphene
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
