#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   requests
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via pytest-cov
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastdiff==0.3.0
    # via snapshottest
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.31.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   freezegun
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   responses
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ruff==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   snapshottest
snapshottest==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via snapshottest
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   ipython
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /Users/nikojmakela/Code/ratkaisutoimisto/kukkuu/requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
wasmer==1.1.0
    # via fastdiff
wasmer-compiler-cranelift==1.1.0
    # via fastdiff
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
